Lavana Oriley: Hello.
LTE: Hey, sorry, I didn't see that you sent me though the number I thought it was just like the meeting. Oh, you can't see me. Hold on.
Lavana Oriley: No, I can't see you.
Okay.
LTE: Here we are.
Lavana Oriley: There you are. Yeah, I was just expecting to come straight to the zoom room and bypass the virtual clinic.
LTE: Yeah. Sorry, I'm just used to asking them.
Lavana Oriley: That's okay. That's all right. So,
Lavana Oriley: So finally, oh my gosh.
LTE: Yeah yeah you feeling better.
Lavana Oriley: Yes.
Lavana Oriley: I finally got my
Lavana Oriley: Voice back today.
LTE: I have
Lavana Oriley: A voice on Wednesday night, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday part of the day. I don't even know how I got laryngitis but
LTE: Yeah, my son's kindergarten teacher
LTE: She lose. She has laryngitis in the beginning of every school year because she has the whole summer, and I think she doesn't have a husband. I think she doesn't talk very much so.
LTE: And then she has a little kindergarten class and then she loves
Lavana Oriley: You gotta yell and scream.
LTE: With every single year. Yeah.
LTE: Hmm. She's the said well I think she said she's going to start singing during the summertime.
Lavana Oriley: Oh, that's a good idea.
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, she's just home by yourself not talking to anybody.
LTE: Yeah yeah
Lavana Oriley: I, I didn't even know what I could, I went to work on, on Thursday. And I got to work because I have two jobs.
Lavana Oriley: And I went to say good morning to my boss. And I was like, Oh my God, what happened to my, I didn't even know I couldn't talk
Lavana Oriley: Whispering
Lavana Oriley: And
Lavana Oriley: You know, I looked it up online. I Googled it and it said, you know, yelling or smoking or drinking alcohol or indigestion, and I didn't do any our have any of those things.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, it just came on all of a sudden out of the blue.
LTE: You're not married. No, really.
Lavana Oriley: No, I've been divorced for about 17 years
LTE: You're just happy the way you are.
Lavana Oriley: Well, to tell you the truth. I'm renting a room in my ex husband's house.
Really
LTE: Wow.
Lavana Oriley: I know it's pretty it's pretty strange the way life happens but you know we were married for 13 years we got divorced and
Lavana Oriley: didn't speak for many, many, many years and then little by little, we kind of got friendly with each other. I mean we we have two grown adult children and two grandchildren and he's still drinks. He's still an alcoholic and actively practicing and
Lavana Oriley: He, he's kept house that we raised our kids. And it's a big gigantic 2500 square foot house four bedrooms three bathrooms and he was living here by himself.
Lavana Oriley: So my daughter kept pressuring me. She said, just ask Dad. If you can room just, you know, and I finally did. And he said, Yeah. Which room. Do you want
LTE: Haha
Lavana Oriley: Oh, okay.
Lavana Oriley: So, you know, we get along great. I mean, at his house, as far as I'm concerned, he can do whatever he wants. It's, you know, he can I have no issues with him. Drinking I it's just, you know, we couldn't we're much better friends and we ever were being
LTE: Married. Yeah. Yeah. And he doesn't have a new wife or a new girlfriend.
Lavana Oriley: I think we both ruined each other for it for for life.
Lavana Oriley: I mean, I did try the online dating thing for a few
Lavana Oriley: Years, and I got so discouraged. I just said, forget it and
LTE: Now it's
Lavana Oriley: It's been over 10 years since I had a date or been with a man. And it's like, yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah yeah
LTE: And I think it's easier.
Lavana Oriley: It is so much easier. I don't have to
Lavana Oriley: make excuses or when I'm coming home, or why wasn't I home on time or
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Have to answer to anybody I'm completely independent I come and go as I please. Yeah. I wish I had my own house, but that's okay. I think, you know, this House is beautiful. Actually, I picked the house out
Lavana Oriley: We moved here 30 years ago.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, he's been here ever since he never left
LTE: Wow.
Lavana Oriley: Oh yeah, but I thought it was to bigger responsibility for me because there's a big backyard big front yard and, you know, I decided to move
Lavana Oriley: And so I kind of feel like I'm lucky to have another chance to live in this House, because it's beautiful house and we back open space. It's all hiking area behind us where we live.
LTE: It is
Lavana Oriley: It's so beautiful, so
LTE: Yeah, I mean, without it really work any better.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, so I for the last three years. It was originally going to be temporary.
Lavana Oriley: I so I just want to be you know here for a year, because in order to be counselor, you have to do 2800 internship hours.
Lavana Oriley: Really. Yeah. And while I was doing those internship hours. I wasn't getting paid.
LTE: Wow.
Lavana Oriley: So it was pretty. Yeah, it's pretty brutal. So I said, you know, once I get a, you know, full time job. I'll move out.
Lavana Oriley: And I kind of liked being here so much. I said, do you mind if I stay. He goes, No, you can stay
LTE: That's cool.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, so it's really cool. It works out really well. And thank God for Al anon. Thank God for you know 12 step programs because you know I don't hold any resentment against him, I forgave them and you know we kind of like we've known each other for over 30 years now. That's a long times
LTE: Yeah, it is.
LTE: Yeah, hey love honor. Can you give me one minute, I'm going to grab my headphones.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, go ahead.
LTE: Right, let's see if these ones work.
Lavana Oriley: Are you in the bathroom.
Lavana Oriley: I am
LTE: I am just because I'm
LTE: Just for the privacy really
Mm hmm.
LTE: And then also, everybody likes TV at night. So it's kind of loud.
Okay.
LTE: All right. Can you hear me.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, you're
Lavana Oriley: You're very
very faint.
LTE: doesn't make a difference. Can you hear me.
Lavana Oriley: Now I can hear you.
LTE: That's okay. Okay.
LTE: So, um, I haven't really been able to, well, I just haven't been comfortable talking about certain things with the whole group.
LTE: But I need to talk to you about it because I need you to be aware of all the variables in my situation. Okay, so when
LTE: When me and my boyfriend broke up. And this is
LTE: Just so shocking. I still can't even believe it.
LTE: And I already made a police report and have already gone through all these steps, but when me and my boyfriend broke up. I
LTE: Message to x because I wanted some kind of closure. I didn't really have any proof of what like him cheating on me, but I knew he was cheating on me. I knew he was doing something
LTE: And she and the first time I ever talked to her in my life. It's a baby's mother and yeah enough kitten, or two years. So we work for sure. Then I want to closure, he would have been so now I met this
LTE: Girl and his ex girlfriend knew about it, you know. Anyway, so she messaged me back.
Lavana Oriley: And both your kids are he's the father
LTE: No he's not.
LTE: He's not a doubt.
Okay.
LTE: And so she tells me. He's a piece of shit he molested my daughter's. Yeah, yeah, this and that you should be in jail. Like, I don't know what I could do for you, but I hope to God, touch your kids and
LTE: And I had noted, that's how I got the job for the school and going to the receptive and keep an eye on my son, remember that. Well, I had noticed a couple months ago, my friend was acting strange and I felt like it was he was either getting bullied or molested
Lavana Oriley: I see.
LTE: Six. Okay, so I just turned seven. So I asked my son. When I had alone time
LTE: We just thought I said
LTE: I talked to Brian broken and we're never going back over there. Again, your state. And that's what we hadn't gone back we hadn't gone there for about a month and a half, because I didn't want to confuse the kids.
LTE: Back and forth, back and forth. Anyway, so I said yesterday to test your daughter and appropriately and that's why they grow up, now you're saying that I do need to know every excuse me Jeremy. People thought this big, and it just looked up in the air.
LTE: Yeah. Can I go now.
LTE: Yeah yeah
LTE: So,
LTE: Thank God I asked my daughter and she never touched her. She was just like, What are you talking about, Mom, you know, just carefree little spirit.
LTE: But my daughter.
LTE: She's always been on my hip she cries. The second anyone father's or she bratty and sassy and she's just not the type to do that to you know
LTE: And Jeremy more like me he was
LTE: Passive yeah yeah and so
LTE: So, so I filed a police report and, last week I took Jeremy to the
LTE: To the children's assessment center.
LTE: And he told
LTE: He told the
LTE: Counselor, he went in a room and told her we I told him how important it was to tell
LTE: Her everything that happened because that's how they know what type of crime, it is I told it to him in different words. I just said, and said, well, that little girl before with to the assessment center and she just she didn't say all that happen and just she was scared but you know
LTE: Why I'm still on the street, you know,
LTE: But I said I didn't say those words. I said, way better words.
Lavana Oriley: And he understood what you were talking
LTE: About and he told them everything
LTE: And the cop. A cop doesn't tell you what they said afterwards because if they did, people would be dead.
LTE: Night because of me just in
LTE: General in general, but I know that he talked a lot and
LTE: And he was 100 pounds lighter when he came out there he was.
Lavana Oriley: So good.
LTE: Well, in this timeframe. So I relapsed before I found that out.
Lavana Oriley: Oh,
LTE: And that was just relationship problems relationship problems. So I relapse for that month. And then when I found that out.
LTE: I know that when you go to the cops they call CPS i know that i know
LTE: So I went to my family. I told them what what happened, what happened and I also told him that I was dirty right now.
LTE: So,
LTE: And in the meantime, their dad heard all this their actual dad and
LTE: He's not stuck on drugs, but he does drunk. I know multiple times at least once a week, you know,
Lavana Oriley: See, see the kids on any regular basis.
LTE: He's been for the last
LTE: The last six months, he sees them once a week, give okay but he's never been alone with them and I don't trust I trust him alone. But I also know that he will leave that with anyone that will babysit them.
Lavana Oriley: So, okay.
LTE: And I don't. And knowing that Jeremy just went through that I don't trust anybody right now. Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Event.
LTE: And he'll leave them with any babysitter just so he could go via a carefree guy, you know,
LTE: Right now, just so he's fun. I told him this and he was totally cool about it like we. He was like friend about we work together about it.
LTE: And then
LTE: When I told my mom and my brother about it. They kind of, well, they told me. Look, you gotta leave the house or you gotta let us watch the kids because of a pickup PDF and you can keep leave that this isn't a
LTE: They post
LTE: Okay.
LTE: Okay. Yeah, I figured. Like a week now. Well, in the meantime, it was Christmas and they called Aaron, the data and it was supposed to be honest to go over to the dads after my Christmas and let them open his presence with
LTE: Men in the data. The girlfriend has formed a friendship. I go over there with the kids once a week, sometimes twice a week. Sometimes I don't go that week.
LTE: But
Lavana Oriley: You're always with them when the
LTE: Father. Yeah.
LTE: Okay.
And so
LTE: Well, they call Eric, do you want to meet at Joe's for the Christmas that he got all this talk, realizing that
LTE: They were kind of taking control, you know,
LTE: And so he right away.
LTE: Didn't even talk to me or anything right away which the courts and filed for and he all through court he only I already wanted court like three years ago, he only has supervised visitation.
LTE: Once a week three hours a week at a place. If I say so. Okay, so, but it goes to court. I will our custody. She he used everything I told him as a friend against
LTE: So I want us to be. She thought drugs. Sure. My son came and told me that hit her boyfriend was molested him my son never said a word about
Lavana Oriley: I'm sure he didn't. He wouldn't even know how to put that in words.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah out being
Lavana Oriley: Asked, and, you know,
LTE: Product. Yeah, and
LTE: And just did be so dirty.
LTE: So I'm going to eat and I have already admitted to everything I told you faultless
LTE: And told them. I told my mom and my brother, but because he was taking me to go on an airport test you blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
LTE: Stupid decision.
LTE: Temporary guardianship of my father, my brother.
LTE: Can you hear me.
Lavana Oriley: Say yes, you are being shipped to your mother and brother.
LTE: Yeah, because I wanted my mom has helped me raise them up until I moved out but
LTE: Because I wanted, I didn't want them to go to Aaron, because I know that that's not that's
LTE: Not I know the best best place for me. But the second best will be with my mom and my brother Aaron, Aaron and his girlfriend's house who already has three daughters. This little house she hardly even does their hair.
Lavana Oriley: Is he doing this just to her, you
LTE: Oh, I think he was doing this.
LTE: Because he was angry. He doesn't like my mom is my brother, because when we first went up. He was the reason I got into drugs you know they need
LTE: I never thought heroin was a word I saw on TV before before
LTE: I would have never ever been a real, let alone get comfortable with it, you know, but at first it was more because I think you really thought that he could get. I do because he thought the other biological parents
LTE: They have been seeing me
LTE: And
LTE: I don't think he really thought and now he's more back you, Doc. Like I just want my visitation, but I want my visitation not super, super fast. So that's what he's paid now but
LTE: I've had a motorcycle keepers, you know, and now by Bob say
LTE: And and I've been doing so good. I've been for the last month and a half. I think going
LTE: Meetings, I started working at the school. I worked on every day since I got my name on so stupid.
LTE: I I've just been going above and beyond.
LTE: And now, my mom stayed
LTE: Well, first of all, she has my car because she doesn't have a car. So when she took guardianship. My brother his guardian to he has a job, you know, he has a life.
LTE: So when that happened, she's like, Look, dude. You fucked up. You owe me pretty much that car is by that to take care of the kids so I don't have a car.
Lavana Oriley: How are you getting to work.
LTE: And walking the word
LTE: They are very far away, far away. But, and that's not the part that bothers me because taxes are coming back and bite it as a part
LTE: Of bothers me is
LTE: I want, I want to keep going with my program or getting into more counseling or getting every meeting, I go to side.
LTE: I'm waiting for
LTE: The screening people call me back about what else to do when it comes to
LTE: sex abuse therapy or and I was going to ask you guys, is there any way to do more.
LTE: Than just one cup of that I have more to back yet.
Lavana Oriley: I'm not sure I can ask
LTE: What you
LTE: Want
Lavana Oriley: twice a month or
LTE: Maybe you guys really because the more the better.
Okay.
Lavana Oriley: Let's get back to you signed temporary guardianship.
LTE: To your mother.
Lavana Oriley: And your brother. Yeah.
LTE: Now, how
Lavana Oriley: For that was
LTE: Okay, so
LTE: Now, my mom saying, well, we're going to fix up my house and and you're going to, I want to watch, watch the kids and you could come stay with me, but I'm not giving temporary guardianship back for a couple years until you prove that you're
LTE: You're gonna be stay clean none like a couple years.
Lavana Oriley: She's out of
LTE: That
LTE: I think I'm thinking I was thinking, dude. You're just took my cart. Like, that's my first card by pride and joy do
LTE: You know,
LTE: And then she and then she said, and we're out of money, we need to fix the house. So it's up to par is right now, the kids, they're all stayed with my brother, and it was a beautiful house.
But
LTE: She wants to move back to her house because my brother's girlfriend and her or not the best of friends.
LTE: So now she wants to use my tax money to six for house which is money that I would be using to
LTE: Buy another vehicle because she pretty much took my but I can't take it back. She is taking care of the kids.
LTE: And
LTE: And then she was eventually made a move back there, which is pretty quickly. And then she wants to just watch me for however long until she decides
LTE: Fit, not me, and he said, a cup. She said a couple of years. I love like there's no way I've already she she's the kind of person where she makes her mind up and she's just right.
LTE: I I've already done it for four years before I moved out. I can
LTE: Do it.
LTE: Just, you know, I tried to take away the bottle because I didn't want their teeth to rot. She had a fight with me that no, that's their comforted, what's the big deal about having your bottle you guys had it for you or for and made this big ol fight with me about the bottle. The
LTE: Silence treated me for three days we live 15 miles out the middle of nowhere.
LTE: Her house so
LTE: So now I'm
LTE: And when
LTE: And when she said the tax thing. I just didn't say anything because I make her mad. I haven't been living with the kids, but I see them.
LTE: With a see them every day work at the school when I see that mom gets them from school on Wednesday.
LTE: I spend the whole day. The rest of the day with them into the day Friday, the whole rest of the day with them into Monday Saturday the whole day into the night. Suddenly, the whole day in one day and my mom.
LTE: makes that possible because she's the one picking the, you know,
LTE: So,
Lavana Oriley: Where are you living now.
LTE: I'm living with a lady I call grandma. She's not really my grandma. She's the old family friend of my brothers.
Lavana Oriley: Okay.
LTE: And this is clean, it's a safe environment.
LTE: And my brother knows the lady wealth and he can keep tabs on it and doing great.
LTE: I need my mom has even said, I'm doing great. And if I
LTE: Wanted to go to an extra meeting. And she said, no, you need to spend time with the kids this day. So, to the point where she knows I'm doing good.
LTE: And now this is the part that's bothering me is because
LTE: One of the more final
LTE: What, first of all, I have their dad fighting for his visitation. So that is their fight now is whether he's going to get supervisor not supervised visitation.
LTE: And now I have my mom saying that she's going to keep an eye until she sees fit, which she's not reasonable. Right.
Lavana Oriley: And it's not up to her.
LTE: It's not. And so now on the 13th is
LTE: A later court date where this kind of gets all they've already been
LTE: The temporary guardianship has already been approved.
Lavana Oriley: End Date is their end date of when the temporary guardianship is done or
LTE: No, but
LTE: THE 30th Islam. Next one, and
LTE: If
LTE: I there's a lady that works at the school that I've been talking to about all this and she and she said that I need to go there and ask the judge and say,
LTE: You know I'm thankful for everything, blah, blah. But I would like this.
LTE: Temporary guardianship to be revisited in three months and that
Lavana Oriley: Isn't
LTE: You know, and I'm just scared to do that because
LTE: My mom, you know,
LTE: Not let me see kids and she's already making it to where my visits are always supervised and the good law but you know don't deserve that.
LTE: And because they have to be supervised. It's like I'm doing this. I'm spending all my time, blah, blah, blah. No one ever said they had to be supervised besides her
Lavana Oriley: Right.
Lavana Oriley: Those are her rules.
LTE: Yeah, and so I should have and they haven't they have my car and they've been they've gone to the last one without me because
LTE: I feel like I'm trying to come out of it make me look like a I've got theirs.
LTE: And they are. I feel like I have to ask them like what I feel like I'm
LTE: So far, with my mom, I just was like, yes, yes.
LTE: So far, she thinks like that because I've just gone along with it, you know.
LTE: Yeah okay I'll live with you as long as they can be real. Yeah.
LTE: Yeah, we're balancing
LTE: I need to get on my feet and I did to have my own place and get my kid back or list is never going to end.
Yeah. Yes.
LTE: And I hate to break it to her.
LTE: You know, I want to use the best words I possibly can. And even if I do a future you did this, you did that.
LTE: You've done this so many times. And we've done this for you in this view this for you. And I'm going to make sure that this never happens again like two years of the year is just
LTE: Or more
LTE: Oppressive yeah
Lavana Oriley: So,
Lavana Oriley: Now how if if you were able to have the with you.
Lavana Oriley: And no temporary guardianship. How would you be able to work that out.
Lavana Oriley: Well, your mother being in the picture.
LTE: Well, I, that's why I want to ask for the three months is because I'm going to get a decent
LTE: Have two kids, I'm saying, I'm going to get a decent tax return.
LTE: So that's a car. Well, first of all, she has my car. So if I have the kids.
LTE: That my car, you know that that aside, I wouldn't have enough to get a car and realistically get into a place
Lavana Oriley: Okay, and that would take care of the kids while you're at work.
LTE: And that's the thing is I work at school. So my work hours in the same is there.
Lavana Oriley: Exactly the same. So,
Lavana Oriley: You're off.
Lavana Oriley: When they're off.
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: You don't need
Lavana Oriley: You don't need a babysitter during the day while you're at work.
LTE: No, not at all. Okay, so, and but that's why I've asked me for this three month is, I know that I'm not ready yet. I need
LTE: I need more tools under my belt. I need to these prove them that I could you know what i mean i'm there's nothing that could make me like
LTE: I NEVER BEEN THROUGH THIS NOT LIVING WITH MIKE IS
LTE: The most sobering thing I've ever felt in my life and I want
LTE: And
LTE: Never nothing can ever make me so it's not like I can just accident. You don't even know. Actually, it's not only way it could ever happen is if I chose to not going to choose.
LTE: But I know, that's why I know I need at least three months, you know, to
LTE: Get some savings. I've been what I've been calling work every day, so that's awesome.
LTE: But I want to know that that I could get a house and I could pay the rent and I mean I don't want to get them and then fail, you know. Right, right.
Lavana Oriley: Or maybe apartment.
Lavana Oriley: You know something snapped board. Yeah.
LTE: I mean, I don't mean the house.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, just so
Lavana Oriley: So you need the three months to line up everything and
LTE: Okay, yeah, and I
Lavana Oriley: I think you're going to need a lawyer.
LTE: I
Lavana Oriley: Need a lawyer to go to court and say, first of all, pretty much your mother has taken your kids. She forced you into signing this agreement, she took your car.
Lavana Oriley: Cheese not allowing you to see your kids on a regular basis in a normal way.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, unsupervised and
Lavana Oriley: I think you're, you're going to have to fight this in court because you did the paperwork.
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: But yet it on the 13th, is it that this month.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah. On the 30 okay so I wouldn't necessarily go back
Lavana Oriley: And ask your mom to take you to court with her I would get to court. However, you can give a ride, whatever you can to court.
Lavana Oriley: But I really honestly think you're going to need a lawyer and
LTE: The lawyer will be
Lavana Oriley: Able to speak for you. Let the judge know that you know your mother's taking your car taking your children, basically.
Lavana Oriley: You know, backed you up against the wall to sign this temporary guardianship. You mentioned you know anything about her watching the kids or the car was in trade for watching the kids, if anything, I would say she stole a car, you know, it's under your name is
Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: You can always call the police and say my car got stolen.
LTE: Yeah, I'm just saying. Up until this point, up until I talked to
LTE: My friend, Carol.
LTE: Made that she's like the head lady of the office. She does the dare program. She is a recovering addict for
Lavana Oriley: Sure she understands what you're going through.
LTE: Yeah. And so until I talked to her. I felt like I deserved.
Lavana Oriley: Know, San Trina No. Not at all. Not at all.
LTE: And I was just giving go on with it. Happy. The mom said I could even be at the house.
Lavana Oriley: You know,
Lavana Oriley: It's not up to her. She is in charge of your life. She's not get to say that you have to have supervised visits or that
Lavana Oriley: Years from now you get to have your kids, she's
Lavana Oriley: Not the judge and jury of your life.
Lavana Oriley: And I know you don't want to piss her off.
LTE: I don't
LTE: See them all the
LTE: Time right now, you know,
LTE: If I make her dad and my brothers mad when she's already bad anyway. Is all this
LTE: But this tactic like my shop. They get on my feet.
LTE: Again, you know, I've already getting hit with a child support.
LTE: Even bit of both, you know, your
Lavana Oriley: Wants to your mom wants child.
LTE: Shared inside up their welfare, so
Lavana Oriley: Oh my
LTE: So,
LTE: She works with toxic top no
LTE: No.
LTE: And Trina no way we
Lavana Oriley: You cannot keep giving into your mom to not make her mad because you're either way you're not getting what you want and whether you make her mad or not. You're still not getting your way.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, so
Lavana Oriley: I mean, to me, I would I would hurt, get a lawyer, go to court on the 13th have the lawyer speak on your behalf.
LTE: Can find a lawyer that will do it for free.
Lavana Oriley: You know, a lot of lawyers. They have all the consultation is always free
Lavana Oriley: So if you let a lawyer know right off the top. This is what's going on, you know, call around family law.
Lavana Oriley: Law, you'd let them know what's going on.
Lavana Oriley: And
Lavana Oriley: You know if they can take your case and
Lavana Oriley: The thing is,
Lavana Oriley: You might have to spend some of your tax money.
Lavana Oriley: On the lawyer.
LTE: But, but that's the thing you don't have anything. Yeah, I don't
Lavana Oriley: Okay, so, so you do need the three months to get yourself together.
LTE: Yeah I know I'm literally waiting for both types of equipment, you know,
LTE: Okay, I'm glad if I had the money, a week ago, I would have given her a good chunk of it, you know.
Lavana Oriley: Don't give her any money don't give her any money you've already given her car.
Lavana Oriley: She is asking way too much.
LTE: And she's not
Lavana Oriley: She's judging you, and cheesy deciding that she's passing sentence on you.
Lavana Oriley: That's not okay. That's not okay.
Lavana Oriley: And then this is anything
LTE: No, I don't think that this. I don't think this
LTE: Is temporary guardianship temporary guardianship. I only side for temporary guardian. Now he wanted to make it more than that she would have to make the size of the again, you know, so it makes me feel better.
LTE: That the temporary guardianship.
LTE: Is getting any more permanent. Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: And and don't sign any more papers for
Now,
Lavana Oriley: very manipulative
Lavana Oriley: Oh my god.
LTE: There was because they were in a hurry to get down the hill. So there's that year in here, we have to go and there was like everyone was so mad at me still could be just found out that I I knew I needed to read it, but I just felt so guilty of it.
LTE: But
LTE: I know I'm just
LTE: Gonna have to make your dad. I mean,
LTE: She I
LTE: Make her mad.
LTE: She's gonna fight with me. So I can't lose back with her. I have to get over each she's had her control of me my whole life. And then I move out and move with this man who is a monster that I don't even know about. I have no idea.
LTE: That he was, he did you like he didn't even talk to them if they talk to him. He would talk back. He was nice. He never went out of his way, he was
LTE: Nice to me. But he also the manipulative me by starting fights with me when he was drinking over how long I was gone, or or me talking, because I have a bubbly personality.
LTE: And I'm not a cheater or ever cheated on I knew I liked, but he would always find something to be upset over and it would be so small.
LTE: It'd be such a big deal to him and I was just like, well, he said, secure, but he's faithful, you know,
LTE: That I find out he's this person that when I'm sleeping to that. I didn't even know I never would have
LTE: Been like
LTE: I never ever given any chance the world if I do that what that was.
LTE: Even
LTE: I feel like he has. He has two different personalities are so
LTE: Cuz I didn't not he's cute. He has a decent personality. Yeah. When he was drunk. He was a jerk to me, but he wouldn't apply it for the kids.
LTE: And and he'd always say, sorry.
LTE: That I find this out. And then I cut off communication with him. He doesn't even know that I found out because the cop Toby dogs. They just said, buddy, it's ongoing investigation.
LTE: You know, as
LTE: If they catch you by surprise, but better you know yeah and and then to top it off, they tell me, well, I'm like, I'm thinking, well, he gets arrested. Now, second kids come out about him.
LTE: And know now they have to do a one on one interview.
LTE: That you get a polygraph which she won't
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, of course, you want
Lavana Oriley: And that's pedophiles are very charming people, so you were easily manipulated and I hope and pray. You do not blame yourself for any of this.
Lavana Oriley: I have known.
LTE: Yeah, I'm doing my best to
LTE: Do it. Okay. I mean, yeah, I'm crying right now, but I'm actually doing pretty good. Good.
LTE: Is your son.
Lavana Oriley: Is your son going to counseling at all.
LTE: Yeah.
LTE: Groups. Good. Okay, got it signed up.
LTE: Good at school and then also your assessment center. They have a place you're at. So good.
LTE: Good.
LTE: That's very good. Then they made it to where our health.
LTE: Is great for our whole life, and that includes everyone in the family.
LTE: Awesome. Okay.
Lavana Oriley: Have an idea. Now I'm
Lavana Oriley: You if you can be on the same page. I mean, you have to try. If you could ask your mom to do a therapy session with you or go to counseling together, just so you can talk about your relationship. Don't even bring the kids into it.
LTE: But
LTE: With your mom.
Lavana Oriley: Could go together to a counseling session and speak openly about what's going on. Third party a third party objective person like you guys were coming before me, I would be able to point out to your mother that some of the things she's doing is not reasonable.
LTE: So if there's
Lavana Oriley: Nothing else besides you pointing out that she's doing things that are not reasonable. Maybe listen to the third party.
LTE: Yeah, you should, but
Lavana Oriley: If she refuses, and she doesn't do that.
Lavana Oriley: I think you really need an ally on your side. And I think you need to talk to your mother and see your brother.
Will
Lavana Oriley: Help you support you encourage you and back, you
LTE: Know, that's my plan is to ask him. Well, what I want is all I want is
LTE: I want to be able to be there, which I'll be there. Either way, but I would rather them agree to be be there. So it's not a big fight.
LTE: Yes, I want to do is, can we revisit this case in about three months and see my progress.
LTE: And I do want to let it know this is only temporary.
LTE: You know,
LTE: That's, that's pretty that's pretty normal have any mother that care.
Lavana Oriley: Of course,
Lavana Oriley: Of course, I MEAN YOUR MOTHER, DOING ALL THIS IS A OVER where she is completely judge do and damned you and
Lavana Oriley: She doesn't understand what you're going through.
Lavana Oriley: It sounds like she has no empathy.
Lavana Oriley: And it sounds like you've kind
Lavana Oriley: Of been a passive participant.
LTE: But now,
LTE: First, like I was so ashamed. I didn't even want to go out of the house. You know, so
LTE: Let alone the courtroom.
LTE: And now you know I have to stand up or
Lavana Oriley: Yes, you have to stand up, you have to go to court. You have to say your piece, you have to figure out, get
LTE: My brother is speaking to me.
Lavana Oriley: Your brothers.
LTE: You know, I have a messaging messaging, Doc. You need me touch base, we need to touch base because I may disagree with him, not my mom because I know that he has a good head on his shoulders.
LTE: My mom does too. But she's irrational sometimes
LTE: They'll take care of my kids to she will take good care of them, but she is taking over right
Lavana Oriley: She wants to
LTE: Drive. Yeah.
LTE: She wants to own them.
LTE: So I need to play Donny and I don't even know if he knows that she was planning.
LTE: On not giving it back, giving them back or a year or two years.
LTE: And as she sees fit.
LTE: Right in her having that welfare money in your pocket.
LTE: She acts like she's not about money, but man, she sure did. She sure did talk about money when I left the first time when I turned my money.
LTE: Because she held my car. The whole time I live with it.
LTE: The person before years of me being involved here.
LTE: When I moved out all she talked about is the money, you know, and so I have a feeling, she's gonna have a hard time giving that up, you know,
LTE: The longer
LTE: The more she gets used to it, the more of a fight. It's going to be
LTE: Right.
LTE: Right, the harder it is going to be getting they're mad at me right now. I might as well just get it over with. While they're mad at me.
LTE: Way better than waiting till everything's peaceful and then doing it, you know.
Lavana Oriley: Right, right.
LTE: Oh,
Lavana Oriley: Your mom has to know that you're not going to give you an easily that you're not going to just to her demands.
LTE: Because my only chance with this this tax return is going to be the only chance because now I'm going to be getting
LTE: Every check is going to be child support and a half. Pretty much until I get my rights back. I might as well just do it right now. Get my rights because
LTE: It's not me being away from my kids for a month and a half the torture, you know,
Lavana Oriley: I bet, I bet.
LTE: I bet.
LTE: So,
LTE: three more months from now, that's mouth. You know, I
LTE: Was like, how
LTE: Keep myself busy. I don't cry all the time. So that's why I'm breaking down right now. I haven't cried for a while.
LTE: The last two days because I've been realized that
LTE: There's a fight coming
LTE: Yes.
Lavana Oriley: And you're gonna have to be strong and you're going to have to stand your ground and you don't deserve this San Trina people relapse. It's part of addiction. It happens. It's not something to hide or be ashamed of or run far from yourself and when
Lavana Oriley: Your mom agrees with that or not is not important. You have to know
Lavana Oriley: That relapse is part of
Lavana Oriley: Addiction you relapsed okay you got back up.
Lavana Oriley: On your feet again. That doesn't mean
LTE: You're
Lavana Oriley: You know, worthless or, you know, failure. It just means made a mistake and or human and humans make mistakes.
LTE: No, I mean, and I don't ever want to have a boyfriend. Again, I'd be with the kids. And that's always been my problem is
LTE: That always with my relapsed was
LTE: Relationship.
LTE: And now I just
LTE: I feel like I wasn't worried about having love this wouldn't happen to
LTE: eliminate that problem, you know,
Lavana Oriley: But don't entertain the. What else don't
Lavana Oriley: Entertain that if this didn't happen, this wouldn't happen. Except what happened.
Lavana Oriley: Except reality you're handling it you're doing the right thing with your son, it's going to get help.
Lavana Oriley: Okay, and you need to buck yourself up and be proud of the fact that you're taking the right steps to get your family back
LTE: You don't deserve to be
Lavana Oriley: Punished and your mother is not
Lavana Oriley: Judging jury.
Lavana Oriley: Trying to punish you. And you don't deserve it.
Lavana Oriley: And you deserve to have your kids and however you can get them it. I mean, because you have to start paying your mom. I mean, for keeping your kids and she's already taken your car that's
LTE: That's insane. Yeah, it is.
Lavana Oriley: Are you willing to ask your mom to
Lavana Oriley: Go to a counseling session with you.
LTE: Yeah, yeah, we'll
Lavana Oriley: See
Lavana Oriley: We'll see what she says.
LTE: What, oh, what do you mean you're the place that I'm talking about.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, and and the place that you're talking about just asked, Can I bring my mom to a counseling session.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, you know,
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, if she
LTE: If she says no work.
Because
LTE: She are we're already making our days, I have to wait for the for the process to go through. But we're making our days to where Jeremy gets a counseling.
LTE: I get my counseling and mom gets her counseling all at the same place on the same day. Around the same time, so we don't have to drive around so much so that'll work out perfect. You know,
LTE: I don't think that
LTE: That this all is going to happen before that the 13th is on Thursday, so I have to
LTE: I just want to ask them and just, can we please can we make it part of this that we asked the judge if we can revisit the temporary custody three months.
LTE: Uh huh. You know I want. I want to be. I have a new everything I need to. And I need to make that known, you know,
LTE: What's wrong with that, you know, there's no reason why shouldn't be there. It just makes me look like a man on the street.
Lavana Oriley: Right, yeah.
LTE: Like
Lavana Oriley: You can get a letter from us to, you know, you can call the virtual clinic and and ask for them to write a letter that you've been involved with this.
LTE: Program that
Lavana Oriley: Have already done that.
LTE: Well, I've gotten a letter for other places. So now I'm going to get a letter for it because you have to make ROI for every single place to do it. So I'm going to call it a borrower TV emergency that they need to have it.
LTE: So, and that's the thing. I don't know what the judges, David. I don't know. No, I have the paperwork and it says the department. So I'm going to look at the Department and the court and just
LTE: I don't know how
LTE: That will be
Lavana Oriley: The letter will be addressed to
Lavana Oriley: Whatever the apartment is
Lavana Oriley: And they can they can email the letter to you and then you can bypass the ROI.
Lavana Oriley: You can just ask them to
Lavana Oriley: Email. I want the letter sent straight to me.
Lavana Oriley: I want the letter to say, I've been involved in bright heart health from this this day.
LTE: I take monthly UD
Lavana Oriley: Eyes, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And
LTE: I mean,
Lavana Oriley: Email. The letter straight to me.
LTE: Okay, so that way. That's the way better. That's it. Yeah, the ROI.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, forget about the ROI.
Lavana Oriley: You just want emailed straight to you so you can print it out and take it to court.
LTE: Okay. Yes. Good idea, and then let Carol my she's pretty much my sponsor, but I haven't asked me what I call it every time any kind of problem.
Lavana Oriley: Can she come to court with you on Thursday.
LTE: I want to ask her that, but I just don't. I don't know how she would. Well, she's been backing me or her is that she's not. She's not shy to
Lavana Oriley: Do this. Okay.
Lavana Oriley: Where she can say is no
LTE: Maybe she got yeah
Lavana Oriley: I would ask her.
Lavana Oriley: I would try to get her support.
Lavana Oriley: So that you don't walk in there by yourself and you know I would really try to you know get your brother as an ally.
Lavana Oriley: He is not aware of everything that's going on. Maybe you
Lavana Oriley: Just asked him to lunch.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, hey, can we have a peace treaty. Can I, can I take you out to lunch.
LTE: Yeah yeah
Lavana Oriley: Because you need an ally in
LTE: Support and you need people
Lavana Oriley: On your side.
LTE: He already has a lawyer.
Oh, maybe you
LTE: Know he know he has him and my moms that are taking guardianship.
LTE: OK, so the reason they have a lawyer is because my kids. His dad.
LTE: Coming with gives a really good talker surprisingly with coming with this and that miss that, you better at talking to me, especially when I felt so guilty for just
LTE: Finding out this about my son and beat on drums at the time that made me look so bad you know
LTE: And
LTE: So my brother got the lawyer, just take
LTE: To get there.
LTE: But the lawyer would easily be a give me in a heartbeat is about to say something. So I know that I need a lawyer, but I'm not going to have lawyers I get, you know what I mean.
LTE: Also, once I have my shit together. They're not going to stop me from having my kids that
Lavana Oriley: nosy
LTE: If I have a house, and I've completed my program. And also I'm planning on, I want to start lowering my medication. So that, that looks good to you. Yes, yeah 100% 110%
LTE: And
LTE: So, but once I have everything in order. It doesn't matter what kind of a boy year you have the judge isn't going to say no, you know what I mean.
LTE: I agreed to this.
LTE: I said, Will you take care of the kids because I need to get on my feet. Now I'm on my feet and, you know,
LTE: Let me know.
LTE: It a lawyer, if I have to. Good. I mean, I absolutely will. But I don't see
LTE: What past a certain point I don't either, keeping the kids for me. I think it's just a control thing and it's going to hurt me going to see me. You know, when my mom does pulled it
Lavana Oriley: It just sounds like your mom is your biggest battle here not
LTE: Works. But your mom is she is, she is and
LTE: I mean that the courts didn't take my kids. For me, I guess paper.
LTE: Yes, easy, I go back and find another paper, I would name. Okay.
LTE: Yeah, because I'm doing all the things in three months or now it's a lot different of a story. You know, like, hey, I've done this, this, and this, I look great. I have had a job at the school for three months. I have all these letters of recommendation, you know,
Lavana Oriley: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: I read as much paperwork, as you possibly can to court everything back to you.
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: References yeah
LTE: Yeah, and I think by that time.
LTE: I don't leave don't fight anymore. You know, I open
LTE: The door please stop fighting via mobile to
LTE: Oh,
LTE: Yeah, but I mean,
LTE: For now, I really don't have option. I don't want to go to loan to court. I know that and asked her if she's with me. But also, she's a big she's a big part of the school, she's there in the office. I don't know what to get that involved.
LTE: So,
LTE: Hopefully I can get Tony. I'm sure don't. He doesn't know that mom say
LTE: Oh, I'm going to
LTE: Keep an eye on you for two years out here.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah. And it sounds like she's after the money. So like you just said you know as soon as you know she had already applied for welfare.
Lavana Oriley: Left because now the money's running dry and you know i mean
Lavana Oriley: You can make your mother look really bad in this scenario.
Lavana Oriley: Because
Lavana Oriley: It's kind of like she did back you into the corner and for her to take your car.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, she's watching your kids. What, what kind of justification is that that's ridiculous. I've never heard of anything so outrageous.
LTE: Sure. Tell me. Oh, so a agree until she started talking about my taxes and I forgot all about the car.
LTE: And then you know what I lived with her on. I'm not going to know I would, but I can't because she will suck the money out of me. I'll never right
Lavana Oriley: Right, yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Okay not trust her.
Okay.
LTE: My original car would break and then the new one I got. She would take that and she had and she took my name off of the pickup for the kids. The first chance she got like she puts us all around me. So, but it was not supposed to be.
LTE: Lever couple League.
LTE: Right, a mother to
You know,
Lavana Oriley: Okay, so, so you've got a lot of things to arrange for yourself.
LTE: You
Lavana Oriley: Can once you get those kids back
LTE: Fully after three months.
Lavana Oriley: You don't buy another car you
Lavana Oriley: Get your car back, your name is a
Lavana Oriley: pink slip if she doesn't want to give it back.
Lavana Oriley: She's driving a stolen car.
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: He does not need to be getting welfare money with those
LTE: Kids, you do not
Lavana Oriley: Need to be paying her child support.
LTE: She is
Lavana Oriley: Completely over
Lavana Oriley: Powering you and making you feel like crap.
Lavana Oriley: Like you over.
Lavana Oriley: You don't over
Lavana Oriley: And over
Anything.
Lavana Oriley: She is not allowing you to come back after making a mistake. She's punishing you for it. And that's not her job.
Lavana Oriley: That's not up to her.
Lavana Oriley: That's up to God.
LTE: You read about it. My brother.
LTE: My brothers.
LTE: Just because sometimes when you, you know, I can see and be like, You know what, treat it. We're already doing all this because of you.
LTE: Now you're going to make it harder, you know, to be doing that again going, No way.
LTE: Because he was gone from how the stress free life to pay for a lawyer to making two rooms buy clothes and
LTE: They, they bought the new bed new clothes for that work, a reminder of what happened.
LTE: And just spent all this money Adele, they have the kids at their house all the time. It's a lot
LTE: So I haven't yet not feeling bad for me.
LTE: Know what I mean.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, but then you can buy those beds. When you move into your apartment so
LTE: Yeah, I mean it.
Lavana Oriley: And what they did is not, it's not because of you.
Lavana Oriley: And
Lavana Oriley: Don't take that blame don't take that, you know, they're trying to punish you.
Lavana Oriley: You don't deserve.
Lavana Oriley: You know, would they be punishing you like this, if you have
Lavana Oriley: Diabetes, all because of you, you know,
Lavana Oriley: You have a disease.
Lavana Oriley: And you're dealing with it. They don't know how to deal with it.
Lavana Oriley: They have no idea. They
Lavana Oriley: Really need to know
Lavana Oriley: Well, I'm not going to say what they need to do, but
Lavana Oriley: You know, you really need to reassure yourself that you are doing the right thing.
Lavana Oriley: And that you are a good
Lavana Oriley: Person. You don't deserve to be punished. You don't deserve to have your kids taken away and don't allow them to make you feel that way.
LTE: Because
Lavana Oriley: Any person that makes a mistake. You know, you're punishing yourself by constantly saying, you know, well, I shouldn't have done this, nobody else needs to tell you
Lavana Oriley: That you made of stake. You're not a child, you're an adult, you have two children. You deserve to have them with you. And you know, I hope, when you go to court on the 13th, you're able to get that three
Lavana Oriley: Month extension or whatever.
LTE: And then, yeah, I'm sure I'm sure I will. I don't look what just say no to that.
Lavana Oriley: Well,
Lavana Oriley: It depends on whatever they who knows what they're going to be throwing out him. Who knows what information.
LTE: You know, false information there. They
Lavana Oriley: Don't have it.
LTE: Yeah, well, they don't have any idea that
LTE: Bit of it. I'm just there more fighting
LTE: Aaron. That's what this whole thing was about Aaron and okay and asking for the temporary guardianship to be okay.
Now,
LTE: I can go back court at any time and ask for it back. And yes, the courts would look at it.
LTE: But I just want to go this time so they know that I'm not just a terrible mother all the street right let's see what I've been doing and
LTE: Be okay with what doesn't matter if they are
LTE: I almost want to
LTE: I don't know, I just hard to tell the right way.
LTE: You know, yeah, yeah.
Lavana Oriley: But I want you to pray for clarity so that you can see clearly.
Lavana Oriley: And
Lavana Oriley: You know you did.
Lavana Oriley: Kind of saying the beginning that you know you almost feel like, you know, you deserve. Whatever happens and you don't
Lavana Oriley: You deserve peace of mind. You deserve happiness you deserve.
Lavana Oriley: A great life you don't deserve to be
LTE: Punished and
Lavana Oriley: Especially by your mother. So keep a positive outlook and make sure that whatever you do from here forward.
Lavana Oriley: Is to your benefit.
LTE: For you.
Lavana Oriley: And your kids and don't allow anybody to push
Lavana Oriley: Their, their ideas on you because you know what you want to do you want to get a place you want to get your car back. I mean, there's, to me there's no sense in spending that money on another car you already have a car, once you
Lavana Oriley: Get Your Kids back your mom doesn't need that car.
LTE: A car is yours.
LTE: You get your apartment, you get your
Lavana Oriley: Stuff lined up. You tell your brother. Hey, you didn't sell that furniture for nothing. I'll buy it from you when I get my apartment.
LTE: So, yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Your mom and what she's doing to punish you is not okay and and you can't be upset.
Lavana Oriley: Or you can't be afraid to upset.
Lavana Oriley: Because you are gonna upset or
LTE: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: And I have to stand your ground.
Lavana Oriley: And it's gonna be hard, but you're gonna have to do it.
LTE: Well, I am I am
LTE: Afraid that I can use words that will get rid of her.
LTE: I mean, how do you right now.
Lavana Oriley: You guys, when you talk to your mother. Are you like arguing and yelling and screaming or
LTE: No I don't ever say anything that
LTE: Will make her math. Okay, or go and when I do, it's her. So I would never say this in front of the kids, I would wait so she was at home without the kids.
LTE: And daddy had the kids or whatever. And I would call her on the phone, you know, and then she automatic. If I say one thing I'll fuck you love up, but I never do. So it's only. What's it. I'm talking about
LTE: Twice a year you know we hardly ever fight and then she does. There's no arguing with her because she doesn't see any other. There are other colors black or white. Right, right.
Lavana Oriley: It's her way or the highway.
LTE: But I mean, which is fine because I won't have to argue all but she'll get what I mean.
LTE: Mm hmm. So fuck you hang up talk crap my brother.
LTE: Because he's already mad at me. What's the difference, you know, and then six months from now.
LTE: Three months from now, hopefully, but definitely six months or no, I will have my kids.
LTE: doubt about it.
LTE: And there's no way they could keep them from me, because there is no order saying supervised visitation.
Lavana Oriley: Right.
LTE: That you're saying, yeah. So if I have to go to court.
LTE: Doesn't matter if they have a lawyer, not you know
LTE: And even if it was they provided the invitation. I'll just revising mutation until
LTE: Four months and tell the judge, she said, and he will, you know, as always.
LTE: I'll I will. I mean, for the last month and a half. I've done nothing wrong and make phone calls every day. I've done thing every day to where I'm doing something
LTE: Every single day.
Lavana Oriley: And see, you know, no matter what you do.
Lavana Oriley: Your mom is not going to see
LTE: That yeah she
LTE: Was she sees it now. But as soon as I'm
LTE: Trying to do what I want to know what she wants. She's not just seeing
LTE: Right now.
LTE: You're going to have to stand up to her and in a big
Lavana Oriley: Way and you haven't done in the past.
LTE: And she's not gonna
LTE: Be happy. It's like a prison sentence. There's no way I'm
LTE: Yours years
Lavana Oriley: No.
LTE: That's ridiculous 28
LTE: That's ridiculous. I'll be 30. You know what I mean. Yeah, no.
LTE: She's not allowed to make rules on your life.
LTE: Okay, yeah.
LTE: So, and the more I talk to it about it to people that actually like you, I talked about it to you help when I talked about it. The Carrollton help
LTE: There's certain people that just goes in one ear and out the other, or they don't.
Lavana Oriley: Oh yeah, you have to be very yes you have to be very discreet on who you talk to me.
LTE: Yeah, and I have
Lavana Oriley: Everybody understand your situation.
LTE: Yeah, and it's a small town things around fast so I haven't been talking to anyone. Anyway, but
LTE: Those give me clarity, talking to a professional about it because yeah and I was wrong, they would tell you know
Lavana Oriley: Yeah.
Lavana Oriley: Well, I really hope you take somebody with you to court.
LTE: I will. Okay, well I'm just praying. I can get Donnie to agree to it. I mean, any caring mother would say we revisit this
Lavana Oriley: THREE MONTH. Yes.
LTE: And then if that's enough. Not enough. Can we read this is what I've done that, that, that
LTE: In three months.
LTE: Mm hmm. And you know what I mean, that's all.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah, I think that's a good plan. Yeah.
LTE: Okay.
Lavana Oriley: Okay, so
Lavana Oriley: You know,
LTE: You take care of yourself.
Lavana Oriley: You remind yourself that you are a
Lavana Oriley: Valuable person you are worth God's love, you are a child of God and you just
Lavana Oriley: Have happiness.
LTE: Thank you.
Lavana Oriley: Question that don't ever doubt that
LTE: No, I don't. And I do believe in God. I do and I don't know what I would do if I didn't right now.
LTE: Is there any way we can make our one on ones more often and I'm
LTE: I'm going to be at those and also the it was just within the first month and so many different things going on with the movie and
LTE: And the starting with this and the assessment of the police report Emma, on, on and on, but I do know that it's important that I go to my groups.
Lavana Oriley: Oh, yeah, yeah.
LTE: And I mean really make as many one of the ones I can
LTE: Just as much. I just need to pack my stuff. No.
Lavana Oriley: Yeah yeah
LTE: Well, if you do you want to meet
Lavana Oriley: Do you want to meet again next Monday at the same time.
LTE: Yeah, I'll be great.
Lavana Oriley: So here's what you do. Just get right on zoom room.
Lavana Oriley: Almost all email you the number
Lavana Oriley: And you're just going to
Lavana Oriley: type it in.
Lavana Oriley: Just completely bypass.
Lavana Oriley: The virtual clinic.
LTE: OK, and then
LTE: When it comes to
LTE: Well, it'll be good. I have the video group on Thursday, so I could
LTE: I get like give you a run. I just don't want to talk about the worst station.
Lavana Oriley: Oh no, not at all.
Lavana Oriley: But you can give me a you know like what happened work.
LTE: Yeah, yeah. Okay.
Lavana Oriley: Okay, perfect.
LTE: All right, I'll do. All right. All right.
Lavana Oriley: You take care
LTE: All right. Thank you very much.
LTE: You're welcome. Okay.
LTE: All right, bye bye bye